DEATH BATTLE is sponsored by expressvpn
protect your online privacy today at
expressvpn comm slash battle heroes come
in many different forms
some are heroic protectors of justice
and others are the teachers who guide us
toward a brighter future and sometimes
their boat like obi-wan Kenobi the Jedi
Master of the Galactic Republic from
Star Wars and Kakashi Hatake the sixth
Hokage of the hidden leaf and mentor to
Naruto he's where's my boomstick and
it's our job to analyze their weapons
armor and skills to find out who would
win a death battle on the distant planet
of Tatooine lived an elderly hermit
known as old Ben his heart heavy with
regret and stories to tell
dizzy wasn't just some crazy old coot he
used to be a badass samurais face wizard
obi-wan Kenobi now that's a name I've
not heard in a long time I love a good
obi one-liner hello that as a child
Kenobi was inducted into the Jedi Order
warrior monks training in the force over
the course of their lives and he was
trained by the one and only Liam Neeson
well until he was murdered by space
Satan though not before they discovered
a child of prophecy in Obi Wan's future
pupil Anakin Skywalker I have a bad
feeling about this
eventually Kenobi rose to the top ranks
of the order becoming a Jedi Master just
in time for two back-to-back galactic
Wars
sounds like fun when you've got his
classic lightsaber which can cut through
basically anything with enough force get
it including the duranium armor of
General Grievous which can take volleys
from star fighter cannons it's an
elegant weapon for a more civilized age
good you know mutilating and
decapitating people left and right is
way more honorable Kenobi has studied
seven forms of lightsaber combat and is
the undisputed master of form three
serration which is all about defense and
waiting for your opponent to make a
mistake
land of finishing blow he's so skilled
he can beat sin Florence in just seconds
but Kenobi's most powerful weapon or
better put Ally is the force an energy
that exists almost everywhere Jedi can
tap into the force to manipulate the
world around them leg through and stuff
around with telekinesis everything from
pulling down an airship to crushing
someone else's organs while Kenobi
prefers a more direct dueling approach
his power in the force is nothing to
scoff at many years after his time he
was explicitly compared to Jedi Knight
kept Durham who could move a micro
singularity with a thought
speaking of thoughts he can mess with
yours with the Jedi mind-trick leg if he
wanted to he could get Jin's stuck in
your head
boomstick Bruce what it's a type of
music those aliens of Jabba's palace
were playing it they're called jizz
Whalers ha I bet Disney was real happy
to learn about that one Kenobi's forces
ability also include protective fields
illusions in - - - a technique for
absorbing and redirecting energy attacks
even without a lightsaber oh he can see
the future to a certain extent Jedi can
glimpse the distant future through focus
meditation in battle the force can guide
their movements predicting danger in
advance heta legas space spidey sense
exactly with their incredible skill in
the force Kenobi and Skywalker became a
formidable do of obi-wan ranked up even
more and became a general he's a badass
space pilot who can dogfight it here
Lightspeed according to an official
novel he can even react down to the
nanosecond
I don't know is I have seen the movies
and Jedi have never done [__] like that
well other mediums have greatly expanded
upon Jedi capabilities some are even
powerful enough to hold together entire
planets obi-wan has but an army while
blindfolded endured a blast from a star
fighter and battled the Sith Anakin sky
I mean Darth Vader that's when he had to
break out his most opie moveable the
high ground
by standing just a few feet above an
opponent obi-wan gains enormous extra
powerfulness he even warns you about it
sagar anakin I have the high ground it's
foolproof
not exactly remember how Darth Maul had
the high ground way back win against
obi-wan himself where do you think he
learned such an awesome move only Sith
Satan could think of something so deadly
uh-huh
either way obi-wan sadly failed where it
mattered most oh that's definitely gonna
be an F on the old Jedi report card see
me after class for an epic boss battle
on a lava planet but defeating his
fallen student is no small feat Anakin
could telekinetically move starships
fast enough to intercept hypersonic
missiles based on the scale of this
dreadnought and the distance it moved
this would need an energy over 21
megatons of tnt and that was when he was
a newbie he basically became the most
powerful Jedi and Sith in space wizard
history however Kenobi is extremely
dedicated to his strict Jedi code
potentially to a fault it's debatable if
he ever learned from this mistake after
all he told Luke Skywalker that the only
way to ever become a Jedi would be to
kill his own father and even tried to
trick him into never figuring out that
fact in the first place dick move Obi
dick move but even in his worst moments
obi-wan Kenobi always fought for the
sake of others he would battle his dark
apprentice one last time
sacrificing his life in service of a new
hope and then he became a ghost don't
ruin the moment
shinobi Hokage mentor friend and porn
addict Kakashi Hatake is all of these
and generally a pretty relaxed guy for
someone raised as a ninja assassin you
wouldn't know it at first glance that
his childhood sucked balls like what his
dad committed seppuku because he saved
his friends instead of prioritizing a
mission in the shadow of disgrace this
cruel methodology of the ninja and his
father's great mistake tore young
Kakashi apart reminds me of my dad what
was his great mistake
he called it boomstick Oh him despite
his hardship Kakashi proved himself a
prodigy becoming again at age five a
Chunin at age six and a joaneen at age
12 for those of us who don't speak anime
he might as well have been doing ninja
rocket science in the womb he quickly
mastered the use of chakra a form of
spiritual energy within all individuals
that ninja can shape and weaponize this
is ninjutsu he can walk up walls heal
wounds and even make clones of himself
plus he's a master of taijutsu a gay
punching people but is deadliest
technique of all is the 1000 years of
death leaf village secret finger jutsu
a thousand years of death oh that's
gonna get you on a list
nachos like twelve chakra can also be
molded into nature itself and Kakashi
can use it for numerous elemental
attacks Jerry can shoot fireballs or
dunk you with water but his favorite is
lightning lightning zaps lightning
clones lightning dogs that's awesome how
do I get one of those
he's even invented a lightning ninjutsu
technique the Chidori by gathering
electric chakra into his hand or a kunai
he becomes capable of piercing just
about anything even a bolt of actual
lightning take that nature man triumphs
over you once again this is where
Kakashi Zone Chidori got its moniker
right hearing lightning cutter woo now I
know I'm gonna name my lightning Doug
the Chidori does have a downside though
its speed and power are so great they
give the user tunnel vision and make the
attack generally uncontrollable
basically once you kick on the gas
you're zooming straight ahead no matter
what happened though
Kakashi I just the thing to fix it long
story short he was drafted into a war
alongside his friends Rena and obito
Jade went down and Kakashi gloves today
so kobito handed over one of his when he
decided to sacrifice his life holy [__]
we don't have any friends like that
where's Gibby right no I'll give it back
I promise
Obito's I wasn't an ordinary odd he was
an Uchiha and this was a Sharingan with
his Sharingan
Kakashi not only got some control over
his - dorri but he can see a person's
chakra predict their movements dupe your
brain with genjutsu and even copy jutsu
techniques he's such a filthy plagiarist
that he's stolen over 1,000 jutsus in 14
years although since Kakashi is not
Nakia kids exactly turned the Sharingan
off and then ream jumped in front of his
right ear II and kicked the bucket - and
this guy can't catch a break
and yet unimaginable loss is exactly
what is needed to unlock the Sharingan
next stage the monkey Kyo Sharingan oh
yeah with the Mickey a he can cast Kamui
basically sucking objects or people into
another dimension
sure it
a lot of his chakra pool but it's a
pretty clever instant win move the
concept of trauma granting new power
fascinates me so I've stolen boobs six
entire beer hoard and placed it in a
secure room with 200 tons of TNT do you
feel anything just thirsty sober and
punchy point punchy next round zone Wiz
welfare Kakashi everything sort of
worked out in the end he became a
teacher in this new generation of ninja
help him learn that his dad was right
all along
friends do come first unless they blow
up all your beer wake up oh he's held
his own against top tier ninja like
Zabuza pain and even his old friend
Obito back from the dead and evil down
because why not because she can
definitely compared to fellow ninja
master Jiraiya who can blow up mountains
that takes over 18 megatons of TNT and
he's caught in sliced lightning based on
the distance it moved before he caught
it
he must have reacted within 70
microseconds and moved over 2,000 times
the speed of sound sounds like ninja
president material to me not too shabby
for a guy who likes to read bored in
public did I forget to mention that
because he totally does Kakashi of the
Sharingan
is nothing if not full of surprises
right now all I can give you is just
death
alright the combatants are set and we've
run the data through all possibilities
but first you know what's the best
friend for teachers like these to fear
this episode of death battle is super
special because it's sponsored by my
favorite beer Miller Lite it's tough
connecting with friends while we're all
stuck at home but as the original Light
beer Miller Lite has always been there
to bring people together through Miller
time
even now take it from me every day is a
good day to bust that a can of
old-school Miller we all know there's
nothing better than cracking open a few
cold ones with your pals but even when
an evil virus is trying to take over the
world having a Miller Lite next to you
easily makes every day that much better
Miller Lite tastes great and is less
filling than other beers therefore it
won't get in the way of enjoying time
with other people including webcam calls
ham pretty handy for a lightweight like
you who is definitely doing what and
let's be real what else is gonna fuel
these crazy vs. debates Miller Lite the
original lite beer while you're home
enjoy a classic available for delivery
today celebrate responsibly Miller
Brewing Company Milwaukee Wisconsin 96
calories and 3.2 carbs for 12 ounces so
grab one for yourself cuz right now it's
time for a death battle
[Music]
ah another happy landing hello there
hold it you're in Konoha territory I
have some questions if you'll come with
me
you want to go home and keep reading
your book I want to go home and keep
reading my book
after I kicked your ass
[Music]
[Applause]
not enough well now you've fallen for
the deadliest stratagem we ninja no 1000
years of death
I guess I have the high ground oh I
don't think so
[Music]
most impressive
but I see you
[Music]
fire style
mindful of your thoughts everyone they
betray you
[Music]
don't give up trust in the force
so uncivilized well I guess he may have
been able to beat OB too but he just
couldn't handle OB one yeah get him
Kakashi's wide array of moves certainly
kept Kenobi on his toes but the Jedi's
arsenal was far more powerful and
versatile than you might think yeah like
how chakra is an internal life energy
with the limited supply but the force is
external and everywhere obi-wan couldn't
exactly run out of it and Kakashi
couldn't copy force techniques because I
mean he's using external force not
internal chakra totally different as for
brute power ninja Mountain busting and
Anakin's dread not telekinesis were
fairly comparable however Kenobi matched
Anakin's force power well after he had
become far stronger than that this is
the chosen one we're talking about here
other Jedi have done some crazy stuff
like brewing a fleet of stardestroyers
out of a solar system in seconds and
stopping a whole planet from going
kaboom oh and you know how obi-wan tore
apart Grievous his armor with his bare
hands and revenge Allah sent the same
armor designed to survive starship
cannons
it withstood a blast that annihilated a
subterranean city and almost collapsed
the surface of a planet I seriously
doubt Obi is physically strong enough to
rip that armor apart but apparently the
forces even calmly wasn't a reliable
option since Kenobi's reaction speed was
nearly 70 thousand times faster than
Kakashi's more than quick enough to
avoid conway especially with his
precognition but we can hear you
shouting in the bag
what about Kakashi's duel mangekyo
sharingan that Obito gave him and a
perfect sorcerer no it's difficult to
justify granting those two Kakashi at
all because they aren't really his he
can only use them when Obito spirit
briefly possessed his body even if he
did the results probably wouldn't change
much remember that Kipp guy who moved to
black hole yeah he was directly compared
to obi-wan by Luke himself if we're to
take that at face value
this means Kenobi could theoretically
call upon the force to exert nearly
14 pata tons of TNT way more than what
Kakashi was packin and even then op1
could just crush his organs [__] man
don't mess around with Jedi I know it
can seem strange to hear about Jedi
being this powerful and deadly but think
of it this way part of the reason why
the Jedi Code is so strict is because of
this immense power at their fingertips
the code tries to keep them civilized in
a way but when you enter a death battle
throw those morals out the window we're
looking for who wins a no-holds-barred
fight to the death
Kakashi had many impressive tools tricks
and techniques but Kenobi's brilliant
speed overwhelming force and greater
level of power won this bounce in the
end Obi one the winner is obi-wan Kenobi
from southern point of view hey thanks
for watching this episode of death
battle fields of battle music for
yourself you get it by clicking the link
down below and if you want to watch more
stuff check the boxes right over there
[Music]